You're watching
The Last Man on Earth.
Yes!
Catch all-new episodes Sundays.
And check out
our other Fox programs,
Bob's Burgers--
Whoo!
Brooklyn Nine-Nine
and Family Guy.
-Can me and Ramon
go ride shirtless bikes?
-(sighs)
Only on Fox.
Previously on
The Last Man on Earth...
Has he said anything at all?
CAROL: Not yet.
We have to call him something.
Uh, Jasper,
Jasper!
I don't know what
I'm doing wrong.
I mean, I'm bending over
backwards for this kid.
Pulling out all the stops.
MELISSA:
Carol,
you're pregnant.
What are you up to?
Uh, just going to give
Melissa her medication.
Apparently, it takes
a few weeks to see results.
(buzzing)
What's with
all the amps?
Shh!
(whispering):
I'm trying to listen.
Listen to what?
Shh, shh, shh, shh, shh!
Listen to Jasper.
What's that?
I slapped one of these
bad boys on him.
Oh, you got to see him, he
looks just like Britney Spears,
and that's a major compliment
'cause I always found her
very attractive.
I mean, not that I'm
attracted to Jasper.
Okay, this is all coming out
very wrong.
So you're spying on him.
I mean, he still hasn't talked,
so I'm just trying to
figure out if he talks
when we're not around.
MAN: Do you have something
broken in here?
Oh, my God,
oh, my God!
'Cause I'm a repairman.
Deep baritone on that kid.
MAN: Let me bring out my tool.
Tandy, I don't
think that's Ja...
(shushes)
Where exactly is the problem?
WOMAN:
Right in here.
Wait, who's that woman?
(funky music plays)
What the hell?
Oh, no, Jasper,
that's not for you.
Tandy, Jasper got into your
self-pleasuring library.
Oh...
Ah, yeah, no, I know
this one very well, yeah.
The repairman is there
to fix a clogged pipe,
and then gets sidetracked
and, you know,
winds up doing some sexual
stuff with his customer.
Tandy!
Aah!
Oh, sorry, you're
right, spoiler.
(stammering):
Uh, no,
uh, Jasper, this
is for adults.
You understand?
(funky music resumes)
(crickets chirping)
Hey, bud.
(chuckles)
Looking at the stars, huh?
Look at that.
Did you see that?
A shooting star.
That means that you
get to make a wish.
You know what
my wish is?
That I could take back
those things you saw
in that sensual video.
Now, I can't do that,
but I can make this
a teachable moment.
Follow me.
Take a frog.
What we're doing now is having
what's called
"the birds and the bees" talk.
Okay?
So, why birds and bees?
Well, 'cause they're
famously known as
the horniest
of the flight animals.
You following
me so far?
Okay, well,
here's where it gets a little
funky and a little cool.
So the bird takes his,
uh, "mm"
and, uh, uh,
puts it in
the bee's "hmm."
Know what I'm saying? Yeah.
And so anyway, they
just keep them in there
and they just
move them around, uh,
for what's usually a very,
very short period of time.
Right?
And, uh, that's the birds
and bees talk. Yeah.
(chuckles) God, thought
it'd be harder than that.
Well-- but, hey,
that's what the bee said.
(laughs)
Boom.
Melissa, would you mind
wandering around like a zombie
somewhere else, please?
Yeah, Jasper and I
are having the, uh... talk.
Hey, don't be scared,
she's not a zombie.
Oh, you probably don't even
know what a zombie is.
Well... you know
when someone dies?
Well, a zombie
is a corpse that
comes back to life.
And they're terrifying.
I mean, they have an insatiable
appetite for human flesh,
and they just keep coming
after you and after you,
till they get you
And they're so fast.
(chuckles)
Oh, my God.
TODD: Oh, there you are, hon.
Cannibals are...
Melissa...
Todd?
Huh?
Could you please get
Melissa out of here?
She's really freaking
Jasper out.
I'm sorry, buddy. Here, hon,
it's time for your medication.
She's kind of in a foggy stage.
I've been having to guess
on her dosage.
I'm not exactly sure
how much to give her, so...
Less maybe?
Yeah.
But maybe more, though.
That's kind of where I'm at.
Hey, bud.
Come on. Oh.
(chuckles)
GAIL:
Aw, look at this.
He is a great little artist.
I thought it was important
he have all his stuff here.
Make him feel more comfortable.
Whoa, baby bump alert.
Yeah.
Looks more like a
beer belly alert.
GAIL:
Hush.
You look fantastic.
Baby bump, huh?
Yeah, it's crazy.
I actually popped a button
on my pants yesterday.
Ah!
(laughs)
Funny, this
button-popping story.
I don't recall you
wearing pants yesterday...
Well, that's 'cause I popped
a button on them.
Uh-huh.
Can I see these pants?
Carol, what do you want
with her mother-grabbin' pants?
She just told this intense story
of a button blasting off
the front of her jeans,
even though her belly pretty
much looks the same to me.
So I'm just wondering
where these magical,
button-popping pants are?
Are they in
Al Capone's vault,
or talking to
a Sasquatch and a yeti
at the bottom of
the Loch Ness lake?
(laughs)
I can show you the pants, Carol.
It's fine, I don't want
to see them.
But, yeah, happy for you.
And your bump.
Oh, boy.
I'm starting to wonder
if he's ever gonna talk.
Maybe it's neurological.
GAIL: No, I know
he understands us.
I've seen him
roll his eyes at Tandy
enough times to know that.
Yeah, the eye roll
is a classic sign of respect.
I just don't understand
not talking.
Whenever I have the urge
to not talk, I talk about it.
Witness.
I mean, I totally get it.
I mean, think about
what he's been through.
You know, his parents died,
he's been on his own since
he was like four or five.
I know, he's been robbed
of his whole childhood.
Missed all those birthdays,
all those Christmases,
all those Halloweens.
He was so young when
the virus hit, I mean,
he might not even know what
any of those holidays are.
Poor little guy.
I have an idea.
Why don't we throw
a big party for Jasper?
Like a birthday party?
Oh, I'm talking birthday,
Christmas, Easter,
Halloween, Kwanzaa,
Flag Day, Toyotathon,
like, every joyous
occasion you've ever had
just rolled into one
festive smorgasbord.
That's a great idea.
We give him a chance to be
a friggin' kid for once.
I love it.
You guys, you know, I think
this'll be really good
for Melissa, too.
TODD:
Hey! No, no.
No, no, no. No, those don't go
in there, hon.
Those don't go in there.
It's okay,
they just don't go in there.
ERICA:
Okay.
Let's start planning.
Yeah.
Okay.
Hey, bud, can I talk
to you for a sec?
Sure, yeah, what's up, bud?
Well, it's about the party.
You know,
I think it might be best
if Melissa sits this one out.
She's doing way better.
I mean, she doesn't need
her drool towel anymore.
You know, stools are
way less tarry.
Aren't they, Melissa?
Hmm?
Your stools.
Yep.
Yeah, see?
Real happy to hear
those are firming up for her,
but this party's about Jasper,
and I just don't think
he's feeling very comfortable
around her right now.
Oh, so hide the weirdo, huh?
Is that what you're saying?
Exactly.
You know what? Just, uh,
enjoy planning your party.
I'll just go tell Melissa
she can go to hell.
Oh, thanks, bud.
(chuckles)
Ridiculous.
Oh, hey, don't
worry about her,
she's not
gonna hurt you.
Here, come on
down from there.
Hey, what's going on?
Jasper's petrified
of Melissa.
Yeah-- uh, I got this,
don't worry about it.
Hey, bud, don't be
afraid of her, okay?
She's just playing
make-believe.
Uh, she's rehearsing
for the title role
in a stage production of
The Exorcism of Emily Rose.
Oh, come on, Tandy.
Oh, that isn't cool, yeah,
he doesn't know
what an exorcism is.
An exorcism is when a demon
takes over a person's body
and just makes them
do terrible things.
Okay, I got to say
something here.
I think it's wrong to keep
Jasper away from Melissa.
How is he ever
gonna get comfortable around her
if you won't let him
get to know her?
I will.
Look, right now,
he just needs to get
over that comfort hump,
then we can totally throw
Melissa into the mix.
All right, okay.
Okay, bye, Todd.
Bye, Emily Rose.
Uh, sorry, Melissa.
Jasper? Ah, man.
Jasper?
Ridiculous.
CAROL:
There it is, there it is.
GAIL:
All right.
Ah, shoot, I left
my gun in the car.
Be right back.
Oh, geez.
What's this down here again?
(chuckles)
Lost a few buttons
down there, I see.
You think?
(chuckles)
Ever since you mentioned
your button popping off,
it's been crazy.
Lost 16 yesterday.
Ah, you're really
having a time there.
Tell me about it.
It's like a sharknado
but with buttons.
Yeah, you be careful.
Aw, what can I say?
It's the life we've chosen.
Preggers can't be choosers.
Yeah.
Ooh, whoa.
Whoa!
Couldn't find my gun,
so I used the car.
Well, you just saw.
ERICA:
Oh, this is great.
CAROL:
Yeah.
TODD:
How's this place for a picnic?
Okay,
let's see what we have here.
Hey, this isn't what I packed.
This basket is filled
with toys and treats.
Melissa, did you
empty this basket
and fill it with toys and treats
for Jasper?
No.
(laughs)
I'm not mad.
You have a fun-loving spirit.
You're accessible.
Hey, Jasper!
You want some
of these toys and treats
that Melissa
brought for you?
Well, they're over here
if you change your mind.
Oh, my God!
A water gun?
I'm gonna get you.
(laughs)
Well, well, well.
What's going on here?
I-- I was just, uh,
having a picnic with Melissa.
Oh, that's weird.
Don't think I ever remember
you having a picnic before.
No, yeah,
I have picnics all the time.
Oh, you do? All the time?
All the time,
having picnics all the time.
(chuckles)
Why don't you name 20 picnics
you've had before.
Come on. Now.
Uh, t-t-today. Okay?
Yeah, that's one. One picnic.
In-in Malibu.
I had one on the beach.
That's two. 18 more, come on.
Uh, uh...
Come on!
Name 18 more picnics, Todd! Now!
I can't think of any! Okay?
No, you can't.
'Cause you're lying about
your affinity for picnics,
Todd, aren't you?
Well, excuse me
for trying
to establish a connection
between Jasper and Melissa.
You're not excused.
I just know that
once he gets to know her,
he'll see how awesome she is.
Oh, so that makes it okay to
lie about a friggin' picnic!
Well, I'm not the only one
who's lying, am I?
That's different
and you know it.
I'm just trying to protect
my son and give him the nice,
safe party that
he deserves.
TODD: Yeah, well,
you know what,
don't worry because
Melissa and I won't be
at your stupid party.
Todd, look,
it's okay if you come.
Oh, really?
What day is it again?
Oh, it's tonight.
I'm busy.
Fine.
You having fun, Jasper?
(air horn blows)
Ho-ho-ho, gobble-gobble,
Shabbat shalom, boo!
I'm Rabbi-Jack-O-
Thanks-Bunny-Claus.
(giggles)
And I'm Lady
Liberty-Patrick-Cupid-Claus.
And tonight's
your night, bro.
Behold!
("Get Ready for This" playing)
♪ Y'all ready for this? ♪
♪ ♪
Jasper,
welcome to a taste
of every major holiday
rolled into one
magical experience.
Over the next
four days...
Four days?
...we are going
to overwhelm
the pleasure centers
of your brain,
tantalizing you with one magical
holiday
after another,
and pushing you
to your celebratory brink.
Four freakin' days?
Let's get started.
We thought we'd ease you in
with a little gateway holiday.
Y'all ready
for Arbor Day?
♪ Da-na-na ♪
♪ Dun-dun,
dun-dun-na, dun-na ♪
♪ Dun-dun, dun-dun ♪
♪ Dun-da-dun,
da-dun, dun-na ♪
Pine!
♪ Dun-da-dun, da-dun, dun-na ♪
Conifer!
Spruce!
♪ Dun-da-dun, da-dun, dun-na ♪
Deciduous!
Arbor Day!
(both laugh)
♪ Hitting off licks
in the bando ♪
♪ Black X6, Phantom ♪
♪ White X6, look like a panda ♪
♪ Goin' out like I'm Montana ♪
♪ Hundred killers,
hundred hammers ♪
♪ Black X6, Phantom ♪
♪ White X6, panda ♪
♪ Pockets swole, Danny... ♪
(laughter and cheering)
Ridiculous.
♪ Man, I'm the macho
like Randy ♪
♪ The chopper go Oscar
for Grammy ♪
♪ Pull up ya panty ♪
♪ Hope you killers
understand me... ♪
♪ Dun-da-dun, da-dun, dun-na ♪
Fireworks!
Hot dogs!
♪ Dun-da-dun,
da-dun, dun-na ♪
Separation of Powers.
♪ Dun-da-dun,
da-dun, dun-na ♪
Tandy.
♪ And the home ♪
♪ Of the ♪
♪ Brave. ♪
(whispering):
Yes.
And that's the Fourth of July.
Now if you'll
just hop
over here-- spoiler.
'Cause there's more!
And here to take you
through this one
is someone very special.
Um, someone very special.
(chuckles)
Gail!
Hey, I was putting
on my friggin' ears.
Oh, my God.
It's the Easter Bunny.
Hi, I'm the Easter Bunny.
Nibble, nibble.
Easter Bunny, don't you have
anything else to say?
Nibble.
♪ Dun-da-dun, da-dun, dun-na ♪
Egg hunts!
Resurrection!
Hey, we're trying to
watch a movie in here!
SEAN PENN (over TV):
To be free!
(volume increases)
In the Declaration
of Independence, it is written:
all men are created equal
and endowed with certain
inalienable rights!
That is where America is!
Love it or leave it!
You better love it
or you better leave it.
You take this stick and you hit
it, and candy flies out of it.
Okay. You're good to
go for Mardi Gras.
All right.
When in doubt,
just douse him with beads.
Okay, thanks.
What do you have next?
Labor Day.
Oh, that's kind of a tough one.
Why would you say that?
I mean, there's just not much
going on there.
Yeah.
You and Gail have made that
abundantly clear.
Excuse me?
What would me and my flat belly
know about Labor Day, right?
Meanwhile you're over there
laughing it up on Fat Tuesday
with your pulchritudinous
belly bump.
Carol, I got pregnant
a few weeks before you.
How can you be jealous
that my baby bump came first?
I'm not jealous
that your baby bump came first.
Then what the hell's
your problem?
I'm jealous that your baby bump
came at all.
Oh.
I'm just really scared.
I mean, what if my bump
never comes?
I haven't had
any pregnancy symptoms.
What if the test was off?
What if something's
really wrong?
Oh, Carol, you're fine.
But you don't really
know that for sure, do you?
So the homeowner
then opens the door,
he sees the bag burning,
he stomps on it,
and his foot gets just
covered in dog poop.
Now, since all dogs
are dead now,
instead of dog poop,
I used my own.
TODD (slurring):
Trick or treat!
Smell my feet,
give us something good to eat!
(whoops)
(laughs)
What are you doing here?
Melissa and I, we're,
we're trick-or-treating, bud.
We're dressed like two nice
people who belong at parties!
Look, I thought
we talked about this, bud.
You know what?
I've met guys like you before.
Mr., uh, Velvet Rope. Mr. Party.
With your little clipboard
looking down,
"Let's see,
are you on the guest list?"
You know how many clubs
I stood outside of
'cause I wasn't on the list?
Barrage, Mosaic,
Jericho, Rain,
uh, JP Looneys,
Charlie Fitzwhiskey's.
All of the hot Baltimore clubs.
They all spat in my face.
That's cool.
'Cause I'll tell
you what, bud.
I refuse to let you
or anybody else
keep me outside
of your phony velvet rope.
(chuckles)
Hey, Jasper,
you remember how I said
that Melissa
was rehearsing for a role?
Well, Todd is helping her out
by playing an over-the-top,
drunken buffoon.
Oh, come on, Tandy,
stop it with the lies, okay?
This kid-- Jasper,
you deserve the truth.
Melissa's sick.
That's the truth.
And I'm legitimately drunk,
bud...
Todd.
None of this is real.
Everybody knows it. Everybody.
Oh, that's it.
Get the hell out of here.
You make me.
You make me get out.
Oh, you want to go?
I thought you'd never ask.
Oh, so you do want to go?
I'd love to go. The question is:
do you want to go?
I was the one
who proposed it, Todd.
You want to go?
I just freaking confirmed it.
I do want to go.
Then let's go outside and go.
Then let's go, go.
Let's go!
Are they gonna go?
I think they went.
Come on!
Oh, I'm coming on!
Bring it bud.
Yeah, I will bring it!
How about right here?
Not afraid of you!
CAROL: Stop it!
Push me a-frigging-gain.
Tandy, stop it!
No, I can't do that, Carol.
I made a verbal commitment
to do this.
Then you stop it, Todd.
I'm part of that commitment,
Erica!
You both should be committed.
This guy ruined a kid's party!
And probably his life.
You're a bigot!
Or am I a hero?
Y'all fight like a couple
of straight-up chumps.
Hey, Tandy, soup's on. Huh?
Tonight's special:
cream of your face.
Oh, really? 'Cause I heard
it was Todd-mato soup! Burn.
That sucked, dude.
Oh, take that back.
Make me!
You don't want to know
what's gonna happen
Come on!
if you don't take
that back right now!
Let me see!
Take it back!
I want to see! Come on!
(screams)
(shouts)
Stop it!
(screaming)
Party's over!
Say good night, bud!
No! No!
Stop this insanity!
(siren whooping)
What the hell?
(whooping continues)
Oh, my God.
(Jasper and Melissa laughing)
Todd, he's laughing.
Yeah. Look at 'em.
(laughter continues)
It's been a while
since I've seen her smile.
I'm sorry, bud.
Guess I over-cranked
a little bit.
I totally get it.
You were just trying
to protect Jasper.
I'm sorry
for busting up your party.
I guess whiskey and Milk
don't mix.
You're drinking whiskey
and milk?
No, I drank whiskey and
watched the movie Milk.
Ah.
Hey, get in here,
ya friggin' fartface.
(chuckling)
What were we doing?
I don't know.
Look, it's a shooting star.
Oh, it's a big one.
ERICA:
Wow.
Make a wish, dummies.
♪ ♪
(crickets chirping)
CHILDREN:
Uncle Stinky.
(horn honking)
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
You've just watched
The Last Man on Earth.
Now here are a few more shows
to check out from Fox.
-Yay!
-(cheering)